In the last lecture we successfully add it to sign up functionality.
Now want to add some fine tuning to this Meffert.
It would be nice to see some spinner whilst we're waiting for the response and turns out ionic tube
has a fitting component for this.
This component is called loading or loading controller to be precise.
So let's inject that here.
Let's inject the loading controller and important the type is loading controller.
Make sure to import that from ionic and ular and the loading compute controller allows us to create
like a dialogue with this spinner in the middle which will automatically disappear.
Once we want to tell it to disappear.
So once our Prose's taking up sometime is finished I'm creating a new loading dialog by simply calling
this loading control to create.
So does this common pattern.
You probably know by now and I'm starting them in a constant loading.
And this takes as always a challenge to Optik reconfigure it.
Now does loading overlay.
It's really simple to configure.
We simply enter content here which is the text you want to display.
For example signing you up would be a fitting text here because this is what we're trying to do.
Well and then we can for centers loading overlay this dialog because we're in the on site method and
we want to presenter's as soon as this method is triggered as soon as the submit button was pressed.
Of course right now we will never detached as loading overlay though we will never dismiss it.
Now we want to dismiss it in the then or in the success and then the error case.
So let's start with the success case here.
I will remove this console lock statement and instead I want to say loading dismiss.
So this is just like how we dismiss a model this works the same for this loading element here because
it is a view in the end which we can always dismiss rudes View Controller.
Now that's one thing I want to do.
And the other thing I want to do is I wanna go to the catch method where we catch any error at all to
get rid of the error message here.
All dismiss the loading overlay.
And here I actually want to show an alert if we did get an error.
So I'm going to create an alert here and for this of course we need the alert controller so alert controllers
should be inject that here make sure to import this from ionic angular and we learn how to configure
an alert before.
So definitely try doing this on your own.
We use the alert controller together to create Mefford and then we have a Charvis could object configuring
does alert.
And here I simply want to show a title whereas say sign up failed and then a message.
Now the cool thing is this error also included a message.
Do you remember just from the last lecture when I showed you this console log.
So we can simply say error and then message because it will have this message property.
This is how we can display our error message.
Now Dan I also want to add some buttons or one button to be precise where I simply say OK.
And I don't need to configure this for you.
Chalis object because I only have one button and I should simply dismiss the alert which is the default
action.
So with that I can then presenter's alert to inform the user about any error which might have occurred.
And with this we can save our application read it let it recompile and then view it in the browser again
to see what changed.
So let's go to the sign up page here again.
Let's enter dis And this is valid here in my case because I deleted this user so let's hit sign up we
see the loader it disappears once we're done.
We don't see a success message.
We will work on this later and make something happen when we successfully signed in.
Now if I press sign up a second time now you see here's the alert with the error message.
So this is a much nicer number for us.
We get a basic sign up functionality in place.
We're able to create users.
The next step of course is to give us a way of signing in users before we can then dive into kind of
splitting our app into two pieces and protecting the.
You have to be authenticated part from unauthenticated access